Update considerations (#19)
w3c-ccg/did-pkh: did-pkh-method-draft.md

# did:pkh Method Specification

Authors: Wayne Chang, Charles Lehner, Juan Caballero, Joel Thorstensson
Status: Draft

## Introduction

### Problem Statement

> There are over hundreds of billions of on-chain, balance-holding accounts across

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are hundreds of billions of on-chain, balance-holding accounts across
```

enterprises and governments. They are rapidly becoming a major form of shared
data infrastructure across verticals and continents.

DIDs should favor usability where possible, and it is extremely beneficial from
a security & human computer interaction perspective to have DIDs that readily
correspond to their equivalents on decentralized networks. This corresponds
neatly to end-users' understanding of what an "account" is on an existing
network.  There are knock-on security effects to having an
immediately-recognizable "address" double as a DID for usage elsewhere.  

It also allows most if not all blockchain accounts to instantly leverage an
existing identity/account and deploy a W3C Decentralized Identifier from it in a
standards-conformant way. This "DID-wrapping" of an existing identifier can be
used in combination with other DID-compatible technologies, such as W3C
Verifiable Credentials or Authorization Capabilities, and produce proper
signature-suite definitions, such as "metamask-signing" (signing according to
the [[eip712]] protocol, soon to be a work item at W3C-CCG).

### Relationship to other DID architectures

> did:pkh bears many similarities to
> [did:key](https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-method-key/#introduction) except it is
> optimized for identifiers derived from hashes of public keys according to
> well-known algorithms (commonly referred to as "public key hashes" because in
> most cases they are a public key hashed according to a standard hash function).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`did:pkh` is similar in many ways to
[`did:key`](https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-method-key/#introduction), except that
`did:pkh` is optimized for identifiers derived from hashes of public keys according
to well-known algorithms (commonly referred to as "public key hashes", because, in
most cases, they are a public key hashed according to a standard hash function).
```

### Combination with other DID methods

> Another difference from did:key is that did:pkh is design to have many "upgrade

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another difference from `did:key` is that `did:pkh` is designed to have many "upgrade
```

paths" for DIDs deterministically generated from existing keypairs.  Namely:

> - if a did:pkh is controlled by a keypair which is valid for generating a
>   blockchain-published DID document according to another method (for instance,
>   did:tz, did:btcr or did:ethr), its did document can be translated to the form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- if a `did:pkh` is controlled by a keypair which is valid for generating a
  blockchain-published DID document according to another method (such as `did:tz`,
  `did:btcr`, or `did:ethr`), its DID document can be translated to the form
```

- Construct an empty DID Document metadata object, *docMeta*.
- Return *resMeta*, *doc*, and *docMeta*.

### Update

No updates possible. did:pkh DID Documents are, like [did:key] documents, 

> intended for local-only usage.

Reviewer 2: Separate issue probably, but "intended for local-only usage" is quite weird for pkh did as well.

### Delete

> No deletion possible. did:pkh DID Documents are, like [did:key] documents, 
> intended for local-only usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No deletion possible. `did:pkh` DID Documents, like [`did:key`] documents,
are intended for local-only usage.
```
